:recycle: v4 update md (#175)
mindee/mindee-api-python: README.md

mindee_client = Client(api_key="my-api-key")

# Load a file from disk
input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_path("/path/to/the/file.ext")

# Parse the document as an invoice by passing the appropriate type
result = mindee_client.parse(product.InvoiceV4, input_doc)

# Print a brief summary of the parsed data
print(result.document)
```

**Note:** Files can also be loaded from:

A python `BinaryIO` compatible file:
```python
input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_file(my_file)
```

> A URL (`https` only):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A URL (`HTTPS` only):
```

```python

> input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_url("https://my-url")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_url("https://example.com/path/to/file.ext")
```

```

> A base64-encoded string, making sure to specify the extension the file name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A base64-encoded string, making sure to specify the extension of the file name:
```

> A base64-encoded string:
> ```python
> input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_b64string(my_input_string, "my-file-name")
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A base64-encoded string, making sure to specify the extension the file name:
```python
input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_b64string(my_input_string, "filename.ext")
```
```

> Raw bytes:
> ```python
> input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_bytes(my_raw_bytes_sequence, "my-file-name")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw bytes, making sure to specify the extension the file name:
```python
input_doc = mindee_client.source_from_bytes(my_raw_bytes_sequence, "filename.ext")
```

> Raw bytes, making sure to specify the extension the file name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw bytes, making sure to specify the extension of the file name:
```

from mindee import Client, product

# Init a new client and add your custom endpoint (document)
mindee_client = Client(api_key="my-api-key")
custom_endpoint = mindee_client.create_endpoint(

>     account_name="hohn",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    account_name="john",
```

Author: Hohn is actually a name: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hohn

Though to be fair that was 100% a typo

>     account_name="test",
>     endpoint_name="testis",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    account_name="john",
    endpoint_name="wnine",
```
